well Iran's supreme leader says that
Muslim countries should cut off
political ties with Israel at least for
a limited period of time Ali K made
those comments while attending the
unveiling of the Revolutionary God's new
Hypersonic ballistic missile called fata
2 the exhibition also featured an
unmanned drone that Iran unveiled in
2021 which it named Gaza in in tribute
to Palestinians DS Jabari has more now
from
Tran Iran supreme leader Ayatollah Ali
was on hand for the unveiling of the new
generation of Iran's Hypersonic
ballistic missile that's called fatat 2
at the Aerospace division of the
Revolutionary guard the unveiling took
place earlier on Sunday and it was a
chance for Iranian officials to showcase
the latest de development to their
commanderin-chief Ayatollah Ali Kam now
this new uh Hypersonic ballistic missile
that was unveil has a few features that
have that are different from the
previous Hypersonic ballistic missile
that Iran unveiled back in June firstly
it has a faster speed potentially
according to officials it has the
potential to reach the speed of ma 15
that is much higher than the fatah 1 and
it also has a uh different Warhead
capability which allows the ballistic
missile to significantly change its
trajectory after a launch meaning it can
evade most air defense systems now this
is seen as a major development for
Iran's ballistic missile program uh
which according to many officials is uh
part of Iran's missile program that is
the biggest in the Middle East the
Supreme Leader's presence only
highlighted the importance of this
achievement uh the Ayah Ali rarely
attends these unveilings but he did so
today and also took the opportunity to
express his point of view about the
ongoing war in Gaza urging Arab
countries to sever diplomatic ties with
Israel at least for the foreseeable
future and also to not supply uh Israel
with uh goods and commodities for the
time being this is being seen as a uh
step for Iran to Showcase its defensive
capabilities and a warning to the
threats it's been receiving from Israel
and Western Powers dorso Jabari Al jazer
ton